Move refs to documentaion on MQTT supported components to the config section (#31285)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mqtt.markdown

      ...
```

> If you have a lot of manual configured items you might want to consider [splitting up the configuration](/docs/configuration/splitting_configuration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a large number of manually configured items, you might want to consider [splitting up the configuration](/docs/configuration/splitting_configuration/).
```
